Q1.	Timezone Conflicts: How would you handle timezone conflicts between participants in an appointment? 
A1: When the user creates an appointment, they must invite the users they want first. This will allow the participants' timezone to be retrieved from the server. Using their timezones, the available time (08:00 - 17:00 in this application's case) is adjusted to every participant's timezone. Then, check for overlap in those available times for every participant. If there are, then the available times are displayed and used as a clamp for the user's starting and ending time. If there aren't, then a warning is displayed. Ideally, this would allow for off-available time settings, but in the current version of the application, if there are no overlapping available times, then the appointment's creation is cancelled.

Q2.	Database Optimization: How can you optimize database queries to efficiently fetch user-specific appointments? 
A2: Add an invited_users field to the appointment collection. When viewing appointments, in addition to appointments where the user is the creator (the creator_id matches the user's username), the database will also return any appointments where the user is invited (user's username matches one of the usernames in invited_users). It is also possible to make this query faster by also adding the creator to the invited_users field and calling it something else (ex. participants) while only searching for that field, but it is useful to keep the creator_id separate for several reasons (ex. possible editing, knowing who created the appointment), so I did not go for this approach.

Q3.	Additional Features: If this application were to become a real product, what additional features would you implement? Why?
A3. If this application became a real product, I would prioritize adding in the session-based authentication that I did not have enough time to implement (I had to use MongoDB Atlas's built-in credential authentication instead, since conventional JWT and session-based authentication does not work with the Atlas version of MongoDB). This was my first time working directly with a database without a backend team, so I had to learn many things on the fly.
As for in-app features, first, I would implement the ability to edit appointments (if you are the creator), and the ability to edit your user data. Currently, both of those are permanent, and the ability to edit parts of them would make the application much more user friendly. Second, I would add in verification for overlapping appointments. Currently, appointments are not checked against each other, and this can cause one user to have multiple appointments in the same time slot. Lastly, I would add the ability to set the user's available time per day. This would allow the implementation of users who have different working hours per day. For example, users who do not work on the weekends vs. those that do, and users who work later or earlier shifts compared to others.

Q4.	Session Management: How would you manage user sessions securely while keeping them lightweight (e.g., avoiding large JWT payloads)?
A4. I unfortunately do not know enough about JWTs to give a concrete answer for this question.
